README.md, before:

# irdm
Information retrieval and data mining assignment

### pre-processed data

- 15/4/17, including punkt tokenisation, stopword and punctuation removal, stemming, cosine similarity, bm25, shuffled training data: https://we.tl/E7vIV6y8kD
- 15/4/17, including punkt tokenisation, punctuation removal **but stopwords left in**, stemming, cosine similarity, bm25, shuffled training data: https://we.tl/JMcSxVLVAg
- 18/4/17, including all the features as above files have, except for bm25, stopword and punctuation removal, **but no stemming** https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bylsb5Tv26G-SzE4S0xzMHEtZmM - this is mainly for GloVe
- 18/4/17, including vocabulary words from search term, product description and  product name **no stemming** https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bylsb5Tv26G-Mk5hWjFjSldIaXM


### files/directories

This is how the pre-processing.py and analysis.py files refer to the directories. 

![Alt text](./misc/directories.png?raw=true "Optional Title")

- irdm is the cloned repository.
- the data files/directory are local.
- funcs.py contains abstracted functions used in pre-processing.py.
- funcs.py requires your nltk version to be less than 3.2.2
- pre-processing.py take ~11m to run on my 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7. It outputs a csv file (457Mb) and a .pickle file (382Mb). 
- analysis.py loads the pickle file, ready to train your models.

Commit message:

added link to File needed to run net_model.py
It is not generated anywhere in the code, so please use it, though you can also use file which contains all the features (no stem though), it is just going to take longer

README.md, after:

# irdm
Information retrieval and data mining assignment

### pre-processed data

- 15/4/17, including punkt tokenisation, stopword and punctuation removal, stemming, cosine similarity, bm25, shuffled training data: https://we.tl/E7vIV6y8kD
- 15/4/17, including punkt tokenisation, punctuation removal **but stopwords left in**, stemming, cosine similarity, bm25, shuffled training data: https://we.tl/JMcSxVLVAg
- 18/4/17, including all the features as above files have, except for bm25, stopword and punctuation removal; **but no stemming** https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bylsb5Tv26G-SzE4S0xzMHEtZmM - this is mainly for GloVe
- 18/4/17, including vocabulary words from search term, product description, product title and brand name **no stemming** https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bylsb5Tv26G-Mk5hWjFjSldIaXM
- 20/4/17, "dl_full_size.pickle" - file that contains only 4 features needed to run nnets_model.py https://drive.google.com/open?id=0Bylsb5Tv26G-Q01qc1REelhsYlU 



### files/directories

This is how the pre-processing.py and analysis.py files refer to the directories. 

![Alt text](./misc/directories.png?raw=true "Optional Title")

- irdm is the cloned repository.
- the data files/directory are local.
- funcs.py contains abstracted functions used in pre-processing.py.
- funcs.py requires your nltk version to be less than 3.2.2
- pre-processing.py take ~11m to run on my 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7. It outputs a csv file (457Mb) and a .pickle file (382Mb). 
- analysis.py loads the pickle file, ready to train your models.
